nemo evaluator launcher dir style guide edits (#217)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Evaluator: docs/nemo-evaluator-launcher/configuration/execution/index.md

## Auto Export

At the executor level, define result export methods. The `auto_export` field enables automatic export of results to the following platforms:

- **Weights & Biases (W&B)**: Experiment tracking
- **MLflow**: Experiment management
- **Google Sheets**: Spreadsheet integration
- **Amazon S3**: Object storage

> For detailed configuration options, refer to the {doc}`Exporters Overview <../../exporters/overview>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed configuration options, refer to the [Exporters Overview](../../exporters/index.md#exporters-overview).
```

> For detailed executor information, refer to the [Executors Overview](../../executors/overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed executor information, refer to the [Executors Overview](../../executors/index.md#executors-overview).
```
